you have to take action kind of a tough
nut to crack little tiny fate I'm thing
going on mess with these it's a lot of
all he was dead good evening America and
welcome to my show prepare yourselves
you are about to witness the ultimate in
reality programming let's introduce the
houseguest to you as they introduce
themselves to each other are you ready
here we go congratulations the ones who
made it all the way welcome I hope
you're all ready for something truly
special
I'd like to ask you at this time to open
the boxes in front of you and remove
their contents the games about to begin
lot can happen in two years oh good hop
hop in pot of your egg pas de Bouree it
was kind of funny Oh hard all this hot
fucking collars you know in France they
call these fags
Hey look at toddler diculous he's hoping
he'll get one maybe two people out of
the house hell I kind of like the idea
toxin I know that's no no seriously i
dont know thats my hair look with this
fucking collar we should just chained it
up by the goddamn shit do we have a shed
oh don't fucking look at me I had
nothing to do it as sure it's obvious to
all the American people what is going on
here oh my god what happened I'm newly
and get bit my little dance start kind
of shark take pity I know shock i know
that any shot I hate you I hate you I
hate you I'm sorry about that so I'm all
right all right get some help countless
we might not easy win now is this real
enough for you
god damn this is one way day show
crazy
you